That you guys have.
Yeah,
way lower health care and s student,
we pay for it with taxes,
right?
Yeah.
But it's worth it.
I mean,
I've said time and time.
Look,
I believe in a hybrid form of,
of governing in a hybrid form of,
of culture.
And I think that,
um,
I've supported a lot of socialized ideas.
And one of the reasons why is because I see socialism work with the fire
department,
with the police department,
with,
with things that we all agree that we're going to chip in and pay for.
And the fact that we don't do this with healthcare,
that,
you know,
if my neighbor gets sick,
the community has to chip and God dammit,
that guys have been paying taxes his whole life.
He's a viable part of the community.
We should be taking care of our own.
This should be a primary thing like this to strengthen our community,
to strengthen our civilization.
One of the primary things is you,
we should be taking care of each other physically,
right?
It should be like,
but above all right?
Education.
You shouldn't have to fucking be in debt a quarter million dollars if you get a
fucking education.
Don't we want less losers?
Don't we want more people to have education though we might more people to have
some sort of pathway to success.
Wouldn't that just logically lead to a,
a stronger economy,
a stronger communities,
stronger civilization,
wouldn't it?
It was in that logic.
Let me give a devil's advocate advocate answer to the extent that there are now
no longer any barriers to entry to get into university.
Certainly in Canada at least not a financial one.
You get,
I think a misallocation of talent and resources where everybody feels compelled
to go to university,
where in reality,
many of the folks in question and believe me,
I'm the last guy to argue against education,
right?
I'm,
I'm all about lifelong learning,
but it doesn't have to be through the formal channels of getting a degree.
Right.
That's not compulsory.
I,
well,
it is compulsory unofficially in that it is now no longer acceptable to not have
at least some entry level the Gri.
Well then we should concentrate on that as an issue.
Right.
Okay.
That shouldn't be the issue.
Not this idea that somehow or another education should be expensive.
So it should be difficult.
So it should be something that's only sought out by
fair enough.
Fair enough.
So,
so I agree it should,
the barrier to entry shouldn't be that,
you know,
it's the finances that don't allow you to pursue your interests.
But I know,
I mean,
just as a professor for 25 years now,
there are students that I see very early in a,
in a given semester that I know they're not there or they're not there for
intrinsic reasons.
Right.
They just don't have the sparkle in their eyes and no amount of coaxing on my
part because ever going to bring them out.
I mean,
I try,
I,
I think everybody is redeemable,
but you can tell that they're there because they don't have,
maybe those people would have had a much more lucrative trajectory where they
pursuit trade school.
Uh,
so,
so I think we have to also be careful about how to allocate the talent that we
have.
I know that that absolutely makes sense and I think that is most likely played
out over the difficulty of pursuing an education.
Right?
Just like it is with everything else,
every everything else,
like whatever,
whatever you try.
If you want to be a standup comedian,
it's not everybody gets to do Carnegie Hall.
Like there's,
there's uh,
there's a weeding out process of the difficulty of achieving success and there's
a lot of people that fall by the wayside and don't make it.
And this is just natural.
It's a natural part of the process.
But if you say not everybody is a comedian,
that's true,
but open Mike nights available to everybody.
True.
And that's why there's so many comedians that actually are good because they do
find it through because there's no financial barrier to entry.
If it costs,
you know,
$35,000 a year to pursue an education in comedy and you had to be $200,000 in
debt before you could make a living on the road,
right.
There wouldn't be a goddamn thing to laugh at.
There wasn't be none of us.
Right.
There'd be zero of us.
And that's not a good x.
It's a not a good example because obviously comedy is one of the rare things
that is a self educated process.
You have to yourself taught.
There's no other way,
right?
You just have to pursue it.
But I think this is the rigidness of university studies,
you know,
the,
the rigidness of courses of,
of determining what people should and shouldn't learn what they should and
shouldn't be educated in who you know.
And the also the,
the randomness of the professors that you get.
Like you could get you and get a wonderful education,
I'm sure.
Or you can get some dipshit and get taught about,
you know,
how gender is a social construct and you know,
and you're sitting in class all baffled,
looking at your penis going,
what have you done to me?
Fucking monster.
The rigidness of university studies,
you know,
the,
the rigidness of courses of,
of determining what people should and shouldn't learn what they should and
shouldn't be educated in who.